imagine a soldier losing both legs in
combat but still wanting to make the US
Army his career that's the story of
Greendale native Brett Bondurant who was
welcomed home today in Lawrenceburg 9
News reporter Tom McKee was there for
this emotional ceremony and is live now
with how the community paid its respects
Tom and Brendan it was definitely
emotional ceremony Brett bundoora and
said the loss of his legs was just a
small injury and he's not a hero he said
that term only should be reserved for
the troops who haven't come back from
combat with the thousands of people who
filled the Lawrenceburg High School
gymnasium just a few short hours ago
would respectfully disagree with that
cheers erupted when private Brent
ponderin walked into the gym of his alma
mater on prosthetic legs and under his
own power every seat was filled with
school children friends veterans and
family members I'm glad you're all here
that way I don't have to go knock on
every door around here to thank all you
guys i'm using a lot just to see
somebody from this Community like myself
get hurt just completely turning this
town around the keynote speaker was John
Weber a 15 year old eagle scout from
Wausau Wisconsin that befriended Brett
via a VFW website and Facebook whoever
was adopted by a u.s. couple three and a
half years ago from a Russian orphanage
and we'll forget the American flag
soldiers and veterans those hymns I can
now enjoy and such a gift and my Baba
said I will never forget he always
remember those four responsible for
making me such a beautiful country when
Doron says he's overwhelmed by the show
of support which he says is driving his
rehabilitation toward a tough to attain
goal first don't y mt back over and
family members shouted the front row and
beamed with pride the sacrifice bread is
made and his determination to move on
with life overwhelming absolutely
overwhelming it just so proud of this
community so wonderful one young man can
bring a community together like this
he's always been that special kid to me
special 21 years
so with or without the legs and with
them without the army he's always been
special quite a sentiment from his
mother of course Brett was honored with
a parade through the streets of
Lawrenceburg at four o'clock and until
eight o'clock tonight the public can
call and thank him at the American
Legion Post 239 on Front Street and
Brenda and Tanya this young man mr. John
Weber quite a quite a character he's
already formed a group called do salute
to honor veterans across the country
hopes to take it national he'd like to
get into broadcasting someday and I
think he's got a good start toward that
all right Tom McKee reporting live for
us and Brett welcome home and thanks for
your service